hi this is Grace with Graceland NYC and
today I'm going to tell you about my
wonderful soya power plus soy milk maker
so my mom gave this to me for Christmas
because she wanted me to drink soy milk
every day and I have been drinking it
every day because it's so easy to make
and it's really nutritious and really
tasty so the soya PowerPlus comes with
this machine and when you lift it up it
comes with the blade and the metal rod
to heat the soy milk it comes with a
metal strainer and a plastic pitcher and
it also comes with about a pound of
organic soybeans and this measuring cup
so making soy milk is really easy all
you need to do is measure out a cup of
soy beans or any combination of beans in
here I have soy beans and barley and
soaking in water overnight if you don't
plan on soaking you don't plan on making
the soy milk the next day I would stick
it in the fridge so the soy beans don't
have any chance to grow bacteria and all
you do is you put the soy beans you wash
off the soy beans after they do soapy
water and put them in this container and
then you fill the water up to one of the
first lines in here so I'm going to use
Brita water and this is lukewarm but you
can use cold water or hot water
he benefit of using hot water is that
the soy milk is made a lot faster
because what happened is this metal rod
heats up the water to 180 degrees and
then after it pulverizes the soybeans
and any other combination of nuts or
grains that you have so the soya
PowerPlus is really great because there
are four functionalities you can do
beans plus so that's for any kind of
being combination you can do soy beans
which is just soy milk and you can do so
plus which is what I'm doing now because
it's predominantly soy beans but I also
have another drain in there or even do
rice plus so there are a lot of
different combinations now you do is you
attach the top to the bottom and you
plug it in and then you select what you
want to do and in this case I'm doing
soit plus so there you go that's all you
have to do and this will be about 15
minutes and afterwards it'll stop
polarizing and you can hear it and then
you can strain it which I'll show you in
a minute
but I wanted to tell you about my soy
bean combination while this is cooking
and this is my morning drinks after I
have a hearty breakfast and it keeps me
satisfied until lunchtime or in
sometimes I actually have it as an
afternoon snack so what this is is
organic soybeans which you can pick up
in Chinatown or Whole Foods it's about a
dollar sixty ninety pound it's black
beans and barley roasted pecans and
roasted cashews and almonds and it is a
really tasty
and sometimes I also add roasted sesame
seeds black sesame seeds but you don't
have to soak those overnight okay so I
will be back in about 15 minutes and I
will show you how to finish the soy milk
about 15 minutes heavy laps and the soy
milk maker is not grinding anymore so I
can tell that the soy milk is done so
first I'm going to unplug it and then
I'm going to remove the lid this way
it's very frothy and very hot so be
careful and I'm gonna stick it on
inflate and then I'm going to strain the
soy milk into this pitcher and what's
left is called go-kharah and it's the
sediment and a lot of people throw it
away but you can use it you can use it
as a filling it's really healthy and you
can use it in stuffing like a meatloaf
or you can put it in dumplings my mom
used to do it all the time when we were
kids and we never even knew and you can
also use it for facial products it's
really it's really good for you and I
just keep it in the fridge until I'm
ready to use it so you don't have to use
it right away
what you'll notice is this window is
very hot right now so if you wanted to
add any sugar I usually add a little
stevia or a little sugar in the raw
right now it's the time to use it
and you can also use something to press
down the Okara
it's it leaves you it with a little more
sediment but you also get a little more
soy milk out of it so I'm just going to
finish straining this
and it has a really nice color usually
it comes out a little grayish because I
add roasted sesame seeds black sesame
seeds but right now it has a nice color
with the barley and the side note so I'm
going to you know let this strain finish
stringing on the soy milk maker and I'll
do this later I'm going to pour some out
you can see what just how healthy and
delicious it looks so you can use this
for Saturday morning breakfast I used to
have soy milk with fried rulers all the
time and its really healthy and you can
also add a little bit of sugar if you
are looking for something a little
sweeter so I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial on how to make soy milk and let
me know what you think